# This is supposed to be the last thing that you find! If you find it early, go back and follow my instructions.

You are so close to being done! Only one last thing to do. I want you to:

1. Copy the `think` file you made into this folder (i.e. `Door/`)
2. Copy the new `think` file (the one you copied into this folder) one more time but make the new name `study`.
3. Finally, I want you to run the jog.sh file **from this folder without changing the location of the file!**

## Absolute vs Relative File Paths

This is a good time to remind you about paths. Paths are just like they sound, they tell you how "deep" you are into your comptuer and they tell you where you are. For example, type out `pwd` into your terminal and see what pops out. It should look something like this `/Users/yourname/linuxGame/Door`. That is telling you that you are currently in the `Field` folder.

Whenever you specify either a file or folder as an input, you can either use the **relative** path or the **full** path.

## Copying the think file

If we want to move the think file from where it is into this folder (I am assuming you are still in the `Door/` directory, you can always confirm with a `pwd`), all we need to do is specify the path to where it is, then cp it here.

We remember that the think file is in the directory `linuxGameHome/Field/Woods/.hideyPlace`. So to `cp` the file here we would type: `cp ../Field/Woods/.hideyPlace/think .` Let's break this down to make sure we understand what it is saying.

* `cp` - the copy command. It takes two inputs. The first is the location of the file we want, and the second tells us where to put it.
* `../Field/Woods/.hideyPlace/think` - this is the location of the think file. Notice how at the beginning of this command I use the `../` to indicate to step down one directory! Then I list out the path *from that relative position* to the think file!
* `.` - this is easy to overlook but is really important! The single `.` in Linux means "here". So I am telling Linux to copy the file to here!

The important part of this lesson is to think about the path. So in this case, the `../Field/Woods/.hideyPlace/think` is the *relative* path to the think file. It is telling us how to move around the system. I can't know the *absolute* path to this location on your computer because I don't know what your username is!

Don't move on until this makes sense to you. Ask for help if you need to!

## You are on your own...

Finish up the tasks and you are done!